Add new regular-chatbot concept exercise to the JavaScript Track (#1653)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/regular-chatbot/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

## Introduction

<aside>
You have been hired as a Regular Expression Specialist in a company that is developing a Chatbot. 
<br /><br />
It is in a very basic phase of development, hence your mission is to use Regular Expressions to improve the chatbot's ability to understand and generate natural language.

</aside>

## Chatbot Command

Apart from being smart, the Chatbot is also a loyal assistant.

> To ask something to the chatbot, the user must say the word “**Chatbot**” in the first position of the command. The software is still able to detect if it is being written in UPPERCASE or lowercase.

Reviewer: I am not sure what you are trying to say with the second sentence here. It seems the function below does not care about upper- or lowercase but the sentence seems to suggest otherwise.

Author: In the moment of writing, I was also doubting if it was going to be easy to understand. You're right. 

I will try to re-frame it, so it is easily readable. Thanks!

Implement a function **isValidCommand()** that helps the Chatbot recognize when the user is giving a command.

```jsx
isValidCommand("Chatbot, play a song from the 80's."; // True
isValidCommand("Hey Chatbot, where is the closest pharmacy?";  // False
isValidCommand("CHATBOT, do you have a solution for this challenge?"; // True
```

## Remove emojis from answers 

The Chatbot has a difficult time understanding how humans use emojis to express their emotions. 

> When the chatbot receives the message, each emoji is parsed as “*emoji*” followed by its *id* number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the chatbot receives the message, each emoji is represented as “*emoji*” followed by its *id* number.
```

Implement the **removeEmoji**() method to take a string and remove all the emoji’s encryption throughout the message. 

Lines not containing **emoji’s** text should be returned unmodified.

Just remove the **emoji** string. Do not attempt to adjust the whitespace.

For this particular challenge, use only the **newRexEp** constructor for storing the regular expression.

```jsx
removeEmoji("I love playing videogames emoji3465 it's one of my hobbies");
// => "I love playing videogames  it's one of my hobbies"
```

## Check Valid Phone Number

> For letting getting the chatbot features on a mobile app, the user is expected to write a phone number during the conversation.

Reviewer: There seems to be an obsolete word at the beginning here.

The problem is that the chatbot can only read and validate a number with a specific format. 

If the number is valid (matches the character sequence specified by the **regular expression**), the chatbot answers with a message thanking the user and confirming the number. If the number is invalid, the function informs the user that the phone number is not valid.

The expected format is: (+##) ###-###-###

```jsx
isValidNumber("(+34) 659-771-594") // "Thanks! You can download me now on your Phone."
isValidNumber("659-771-594") // "Oops, it seems like I can't reach out to 659-771-594" 
```

## Go To URL  (Capturing Groups)

The Chatbot is a really curious software. Even though he can search on the internet about a particular topic, he likes to ask users about cool websites or URL’s to go find relevant information. 

Example of Conversation: 

- **Chatbot**: Hey username, I would like to learn how to code in JavaScript, do you know any cool website where I could learn?
- **User**: I learned a lot from **[e](http://website.com)xercism.com**

Implement the function **getURL()** which is able to return an array with just the link of each website.

```jsx

> console.log(getURL( "I learned a lot from exercism.com")); // ["exercism.com"]

Reviewer: As for the other code examples, you can use this "REPL" style format that shows the output below even without the console.log.

## 1. Check Valid Command

Apart from being smart, the Chatbot is also a loyal assistant.

To ask something to the chatbot, the user must say the word “**Chatbot**” in the first position of the command.

It doesn't matter if the keyword is in UPPERCASE or lowercase. The important aspect here is the position of the word.

Implement the function `isValidCommand()` that helps the Chatbot recognize when the user is giving a command.

```javascript
isValidCommand("Chatbot, play a song from the 80's.";
// => True
isValidCommand("Hey Chatbot, where is the closest pharmacy?";
// => False
isValidCommand("CHATBOT, do you have a solution for this challenge?";
// => True
```

## 2. Remove encrypted emojis

The Chatbot has a difficult time understanding how humans use emojis to express their emotions.

When the chatbot receives user messages, each emoji is represented as “_emoji_” followed by its _id_ number.

Implement the `removeEmoji()` method to take a string and remove all the emoji’s encryption throughout the message.

Lines not containing emoji’s text should be returned unmodified.

Just remove the emoji string. Do not attempt to adjust the whitespace.

> For this particular challenge, use only the `newRexEp` constructor for storing the regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this particular challenge, use constructor syntax for creating the regular expression.
```
